## Kernel (Part 2)
Features added to the kernel for this part:
  - Message passing between task (Send, Reply, Receive)
  - Name Server (RegisterAs, WhoIs)
  - RPS Server
  - Basic Unit Tests

### Folder Structure

| File | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| server/ns.c | Name server |
| server/rps.c | RPS server  |
| kern/ipc.c | Message passing kernel logic  |
| user/ipc.c | ABI for message passing  |
| user/ns.c | API for name server |
| application/k2.c | RPS game simulation |
| application/kernperform.c | Kernel performance testing code |
| application/ipctest.c | Unit testing for Message 

### Algorithms and Data Structure

For Name Server, we have used a fixed sized array of (name, tid) pair entries. This data structure is chosen since it straightfoward and simple. When the name
server, it will its Tid to a memory space that is shared by the WhoIs, and RegisterAs. The client could access the name server through those wrappers.
For Message Passing, every task have a queue of sender tids (sendqueue) that is trying to communicate with the task. The queue is implemented as a ring buffer, simple enough for our kernel. The algorithm for message can be separated in two cases, and reply is the same for both cases:

Send-Receive
- Send syscall will save the sender and reply message pointer to its own task, and queue to the receiver task
- Receive syscall will dequeue the tid from the its sendqueue, copy the reply message 

Receive-Send
- Receive syscall save the receive message to task id, and wait for the task to call itself
- Send syscall will copy the send message to the receiver message, and wakes up the receiver task

Reply
- Look for the tid, if replyblocked, then copy message to reply message to the target 

The algorithm ensure every Send, Receive, Reply gets handled properly.

### Priority Choice

Task | Priority
- | -
Name Server | 2000
RPS Server | 2000
RPS Clients | 500
First user task | 1000

The name server will have the highest priority, and will be called first in the first user task, since the RPS server, and the RPS clients needs the name server to register its name, and do query, respectively. The RPS server will be second in term of creation, and have the highest priority, since it needs to be registered before its client call WhoIs. Otherwise, its client will could not query the server tid to send message. The First User Task have higher priority than its RPS clients, since we want the Client be all created before they start playing the game. All the clients have the same priority, so each one have the same amount of playtime. The high number in our tasks in due to our scheduling algorithm.


### Output Rationale
For our Rock Paper Scissor program, we support mutiple clients and multiple games playing at the same. The constant `RPS_MAX_ROUNDS` sets the maximum rounds could be played, and each client calls `rounds = rand() % RPS_MAX_ROUNDS` which sets the numbers round played by each player. The reason why we randomize the number of rounds played in game is that we want to demonstrate the case where the player has exited early. The move is also randomized.
For our testing purpose, we let the program to have 4 clients, and each client to run a maximum of 4 rounds (`RPS_MAX_ROUNDS=5`)
```
RPS Client 4: Game Start. Want to play 2 rounds
RPS Client 3: Game Start. Want to play 3 rounds
RPS Client 5: Game Start. Want to play 1 rounds
RPS Client 6: Game Start. Want to play 1 rounds
RPS Client 5: Round 1, Move: R, Result: WIN
RPS Client 4: Round 1, Move: R, Result: LOST
RPS Client 6: Round 1, Move: S, Result: LOST
RPS Client 3: Round 1, Move: P, Result: WIN
RPS Client 5: Quit with ACKQUIT
RPS Client 4: Round 2, Move: R, Result: TIE
RPS Client 3: Round 2, Move: R, Result: TIE
RPS Client 6: Quit with ACKQUIT
RPS Client 4: Quit with ACKQUIT
RPS Client 3: Round 3, the other play quit.
RPS Client 3: Quit with ACKQUIT
```
Notes:
- Client (3, 4) forms a game, and Client (5, 6) forms another one
- Task 3 to 6 have the same priorities, due to our scheduling algorithm (see K1 docs), the order of execution of tasks with the same priority is arbitrary.
 
Here is the tabular results derived from our output

Pair  | Round | Move Player 1 | Move Player 2 | Result
----- | ---  |------ | ------ | ------
| (5,6) | 1 | R | S |  Client 5 - Win / Client 6 - Lost
| (3,4) | 1 | P | R | Client 3 - Win / Client 4 - Lost 
| (3,4) | 2 | R | R | Client 3 - Tie / Client 5 - Tie
| (3,4) | 3 | ? | Quit | Client 3 - other player has quit ( Client 4 Quit earlier)

After each client has done playing the number of rounds it wants, it will call Quit. After client 5 and 6, has played 1 round, they will quit respectively. Client 4 will quite after round 2, meanwhile Client 3 tries to play with Client 5, but server notifies that the opponent has quit.

When you compile the game, we set 6 clients, and 6 `RPS_MAX_ROUNDS` by default in our K2 user programs, you can watch the game round by round.

