# Kernel (Part 4)
Features added to the kernel for this part:
  - Uart Interrupt
  - IO Server
  - Train Controller Server
  - Shell Server, with tr, rv, sw, q commands + sensors data
  
## Folder Structure

| File | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| server/io.c | Controls COM1 and COM2 Server |
| server/trainset.c | Trainset Server |
| server/shell.c | Shell creator  |
| application/k4.c | Kernel 4, implementation of A0 with interrutps |

## Algorithms and Data 

### IO Server

For the io server, we have one IO server and two notifers, they awaits for UART1INT, and UART2INT. Since the handler of both have about the same logic by having one IO reduces the amount of duplicate code, and another smaller advantages is that IOServer code will be cached. We enable FIFO for UART2 to able to avoid missing characters while copy-pasting to the UART server. Since there is slight difference between the UART1 and UART2 handling, we will get IOChannel structure where it keeps track send queue and receive queue

### Trainset Server
This server will handle all basic operation with the trainset. It will be responsible delays between set of commands, i.e. to turn the selenoid after 150 ms, when switch happens, or with train reversing. To emulate a delay,  we create a notifer, hence we can reverse multiple trains back to back. Since each delay won't affect each other. The server will simply accept input from client and it own child notifier without blocking.

### Shell Creator
We are able to make our shell with update by simply having a notifier per each components we want to update, i.e. a sensor notifier, keyboard notifier, clock notifier. Sensor notifier will poll data every interval, keyboard notifier get the user input and send command to the trainset server. Therefore, there are notifier blocking on each other. The Shell creator will simply create all the necessary task for our users

### Priorities
Here is a list of priority we have for the K4 implementation.

| Task Server | Priority |
| ------ | ------ |
| Name Server | 4000 |
| Clock Server | 3700 |
| IO Server | 3500 |
| TrainSet Server | 3000 |
| Shell Server | 2000 |
| First User Task | 500 |
| Idle Server | 1 |

The order of creation is important is our context. Name Server must be created first since all other task communicates with each other through Name Server. Then Clock Server is need for any delay tasks, and IO Server to enable communications. Those order of creation of those two doesn't matter, since the Clock Server belong to our ARM box, we want to initiazed everything in the box before opening connnections. Then Trainset server depends on io server and clock server. Shell depends on Trainset server. Then First user has lower priorities than those server, since we want the create be in a specific order. Idle task has the lowest priority, since that is the fallback task.